REFERENCES

1. www.xmailserver.org/diff2.pdf
The above page has the algorithm which finds the LARGEST COMMON SUBSEQUENCE (LCS) of the two given strings. The 
difference between the normal DYNAMIC PROGRAMMING WAY of finding the LCS and the algorithm specified in this page
is that, the algorithm gives the LCS such we have to make minimum changes in the FROM-file to convert it into
the TO-file. The algorithm was put forth by Eugene Myers and hence called as Myer's diff algorithm. It is an
example of greedy algorithm, which helps us to find the SHORTESTS EDIT SCRIPT. The number of possible edit scripts
to change the FROM-file to TO-file are many, but Myer's diff algorithm gives only that script which will require
shortest number of edits. (each edit is either ADD or DELETE)

2. http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/diff.1.html
The man page was used to understand what each of the option of the diff program was supposed to do. And to know
the usage of the diff program in the command line
The man page proved to be most useful in doing patches. In case of fuzzy and patches including offsets information
regarding the limits of fuzz were provided. It also provided information about how the program searched for the
lines in the patch file.

3. www.stackoverflow.com
This site was used to get some text formatting techniques using printf for -y option in diff. Also the techniques
regarding directory handling were given on this site. Some sample program for understanding getopt() were referred
to from this site.

4. www.wikipedia.org
It was used primarily to understand the diff and patch commands for linux.

5. https://blog.jcoglan.com/2017/02/12/the-myers-diff-algorithm-part-1/
   and
6. https://blog.jcoglan.com/2017/02/15/the-myers-diff-algorithm-part-2/
The above pages were used to understand the Myer's diff algorithm. This pages have good explanation on edit graphs.

7. Abhijit A.M.
Concept of command line arguments, linking separate code files by generating their machine code files was 
introduced by him, which was extensively used in this project. Some doubts regarding, which algorithm to use for 
finding LCS, were cleared by him.
